Revise model choice for managed LLM samples (#378)
DefangLabs/samples: samples/managed-llm-provider/README.md

> Note that if you are using the 1-click deploy option, you can set these values as secrets in your GitHub repository and the action will automatically deploy them for you.

### `MODEL`

> The Model ID of the LLM you are using for your application. For example, `ai/claude3-haiku`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Model ID of the LLM you are using for your application. For example, `us.amazon.nova-micro-v1:0`. 
```

Author: I will use `ai/nova-micro` as per your mapping in https://github.com/DefangLabs/openai-access-gateway/blob/888f1b71945900bf6bdb801ad592d726af9e472d/src/data/modelmap.json#L27
